leave up one more down we're gonna put
you over here come on there you play a
card a defense position Rachel you get
some cards out so I can look like a pro
like a pro trap cards are Monster Cards
good go to Monster Cards what is this
car okay it's black panther or dark
Panther it's a little racist okay into
their there's here a signal right there
if we go under it series there's hero
signal TV oh I was missing it I was got
your wrist and there is a just little
buckets are you recording it yes I i
play let's say when we got out um let's
play another hero signal we gotta I
don't know why gotta treat our duel this
like a fine woman so I Oh Becca damn yes
yes lock it how you lock it lock it oh
oh my god midwife point oh no it was
destroyed in battle and sent to the
graveyard oh my god and do the gravy oh
no and then you use my storyboarding
entirely too much fun with us
this is too much oh no oh no oh my it's
too much to handle it's too much come on
come here let's go back to the basics I
came home so I'm sorry gotta do it more
classy well I give up I don't know God
that friggin kid just started it start
out okay okay okay you two kids can own
your very own new disc system trademark
wait what did you say about the fat guy
why is your stomach out your effect here
we are playing with the duel disk the
old duel disk while we're watching new
yugioh zexal oh no is it sad wings are
like totally different I'll get it we go
down oh no but when I play this card is
a fake screws you equip good and it's a
long and makes you smoke oh but my wand
is gone all of this done I don't know
nobody was reduced to 1600 and now I'm
what I like overlay them
you